Chapter 4 NumPy
Function                           Description

array: Convert input data (list, tuple, array, or other sequence type) to an ndarray either by inferring a dtype or explicitly specifying a dtype. Copies the input data by default.


asarray: Convert input to ndarray, but do not copy if the input is already an ndarray

arange: Like the built-inrangebut returns an ndarray instead of a list.

ones, ones_like: Produce an array of all 1’s with the given shape and dtype. ones_like takes another array and produces a ones array of the same shape and dtype.

zeros, zeros_like: Like ones and ones_likebut producing arrays of 0’s instead


empty, empty_like: Create new arrays by allocating new memory, but do not populate with any values like ones and zeros


eye, identity: Create a square N x N identity matrix (1’s on the diagonal and 0’s elsewhere)



abs, fabs
sqrt
square
exp
log, log10, log2, log1p
sign
ceil
floor
rint
modf
isnan
isfinite, isinf
cos, cosh, sin, sinh,
tan, tanh
arccos, arccosh, arcsin, arcsinh, arctan, arctanh
logical_not
Description
Compute the absolute value element-wise for integer, floating point, or complex values. Usefabsas a faster alternative for non-complex-valued data
Compute the square root of each element. Equivalent to arr ** 0.5
Compute the square of each element. Equivalent to arr ** 2
Compute the exponent ex of each element
Natural logarithm (base e), log base 10, log base 2, and log(1 + x), respectively
Compute the sign of each element: 1 (positive), 0 (zero), or -1 (negative)
Compute the ceiling of each element, i.e. the smallest integer greater than or equal to each element
Compute the floor of each element, i.e. the largest integer less than or equal to each element
Round elements to the nearest integer, preserving the dtype
Return fractional and integral parts of array as separate array
Return boolean array indicating whether each value isNaN(Not a Number)
Return boolean array indicating whether each element is finite (non-inf, non-NaN) or infinite, respectively
Regular and hyperbolic trigonometric functions
Inverse trigonometric functions
Compute truth value of not x element-wise. Equivalent to -arr.

